README.md, before:

# React Portfolio

This is my personal portfolio website built with **React**. It showcases my projects, skills, and contact information, using React Router for multi-page navigation.

## 🌐 Live Demo

[View Live](https://dor-ka.github.io/frontend-react-portfolio/)

## 📁 Features

- 💡 Clean and simple design
- 🔀 Multi-page navigation using React Router
- 📱 Fully responsive layout
- 💼 Project showcase section
- 📬 Contact page

## 🛠️ Built With

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
- Plain CSS (can be replaced with Tailwind/SCSS later)
- Git & GitHub Pages for deployment

## 📦 Folder Structure

src/
├── components/      # Navbar and other reusable components
├── pages/           # Page components (Home, About, Projects, Contact)
└── App.jsx          # Main app with routing setup

## 📸 Screenshots

## 🚀 Getting Started

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

To run this project locally:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/twoj-username/frontend-react-portfolio.git
cd frontend-react-portfolio
npm install
npm start
```

To deploy to GitHub Pages:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

Update README with theme integration and folder structure changes

README.md, after:

# React Portfolio

This is my personal portfolio website built with **React**. 
It showcases my projects, skills, and contact information, using **React Router** for multi-page navigation and custom theme with dark and light mode support.

## 🌐 Live Demo

[View Live](https://dor-ka.github.io/frontend-react-portfolio/)

## 📁 Features

- 🧼 Clean and simple design
- 🔀 Multi-page navigation using **React Router**
- 💡 **Dark mode** and **Light mode** support
- 📱 Fully responsive layout
- 💼 Project showcase section
- 📬 Contact page
- ⚙️ Theme-based color system for consistency
- 🎨 Color scheme customizable via theme

## 🛠️ Built With

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/)
- [Styled Components](https://styled-components.com/) for styling
- Git & GitHub Pages for deployment

## 📦 Folder Structure

src/
├── components/      # Navbar, Footer, and other reusable components
│   ├── Navbar
│   ├── Footer
├── pages/           # Page components (Home, About, Projects, Contact)
├── styles/          # Global styles and theme setup
│   ├── GlobalStyles.js
│   ├── theme.js     # Theme configuration (light and dark mode)
├── App.jsx          # Main app with routing setup
└── index.js         # Entry point for the app

## 📸 Screenshots

## 🚀 Getting Started

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

To run this project locally:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/twoj-username/frontend-react-portfolio.git
cd frontend-react-portfolio
npm install
npm start
```

To deploy to GitHub Pages:

```bash
npm run deploy
```

## 📄 License

This project is open source and available under the MIT License.
